Update text to include the Pixelink ROS2 package (#53)
vmayoral/ros-robotics-companies: README.md

| [Piaggio Fast Forward](https://www.piaggiofastforward.com/) | Build semi-autonomous self driving mobility platforms [^50]. ROS driver for the Roboclaw[^51] motor controllers (see [`roboclaw_ros`](https://github.com/piaggiofastforward/roboclaw_ros)). | 2015 |
| [PickNik Robotics](https://picknik.ai/) | Create, integrate, patch, or provide training for robotic applications. Particulary in ROS (see [`PickNikRobotics`](https://github.com/PickNikRobotics)), using a open robotics software platform to help companies to reduce risks, development time and costsassociated with robotic applications. | 2015 |
| [Pilz](https://www.pilz.com/en-US) | Develop and sell products, systems and services for safe automation including sensors[^46], safety relays[^47], control[^48] systems and drives[^49]. The pilz_robots packages provide ROS (see [`PilzDE`](https://github.com/PilzDE))  support for controlling the Pilz manipulator module PRBT (see [`pilz_robots`](https://github.com/PilzDE/pilz_robots)) and include robot description and launch files.  | 1948 |

> | [Pixelink](https://www.pixelink.com) | Pixelink is a trusted supplier to OEMs around the world offering cutting-edge camera customization and solutions for robotics, medical and life science instruments, research and industrial equipment. Our official ROS2 package can be used to incorperate our cameras into your ROS2 applciation (see [`pixelink_ros2`](https://github.com/pixelink-support/pixelink_ros2/tree/main)). | 1992 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Pixelink](https://www.pixelink.com) | Pixelink is a trusted supplier to OEMs around the world offering cutting-edge camera customization and solutions for robotics, medical and life science instruments, research and industrial equipment. Our official ROS 2 package can be used to incorperate our cameras into your ROS2 application (see [`pixelink_ros2`](https://github.com/pixelink-support/pixelink_ros2/tree/main)). | 1992 |
```
